Algorithm:
The algorithm to solve cryptarithmetic puzzles follows a brute-force approach using
permutation and backtracking techniques:

Input Processing:
The input consists of the operands and the result of the cryptarithmetic puzzle.
Each letter in the puzzle is considered a variable. The input processing extracts the
operands and the result from the input file or provides them directly in the code.

Initialization:
The algorithm initializes the letterUsed array to store all unique letters used in the
puzzle. Each letter is appended with "0" to represent its initial digit value.

Permutation and Backtracking:
The algorithm uses the heap permutation algorithm to generate all possible permutations
of digits from 0 to 9. It then iterates through each permutation, updating the letterUsed
array with the current digit permutation. After updating, it checks if the current permutation
satisfies the puzzle equation using backtracking.

Solution Validation:
The checkAnswer function validates whether the current permutation satisfies the puzzle
equation. It translates the puzzle into numeric expressions using the current permutation of
digits and checks if the equation holds true.

Solution Display:
If a valid solution is found, the algorithm displays the solution by replacing letters
with their corresponding digits. Otherwise, it indicates that no solution exists.

Input:
The input for the cryptarithmetic puzzle solver consists of the operands and the
result of the puzzle. These are provided either through an input file or directly in the
code.
For example:
operand = ["SEND", "MORE"]
result = "MONEY"

4. Working
The cryptarithmetic puzzle solver works by exhaustively searching for all possible
digit permutations and validating each permutation against the puzzle equation.
The solver iterates through permutations using backtracking until a valid solution is
found or all permutations are exhausted. It then displays the solution along with the
time taken for execution.

5. Conclusion
The cryptarithmetic puzzle solver provides an efficient algorithm to solve cryptarithmetic
puzzles. It utilizes permutation and backtracking techniques to search for solutions and
 validates them against the puzzle equation. By providing the input operands and result,
 the solver can find solutions to a wide range of cryptarithmetic puzzles.